I'm gonna tell a story that is perhaps
the most awkward thing that has ever
happened in my entire life I a few years
ago I was asked to perform at the MVP
awards for major league baseball I was
asked to perform at the MVP wars for
major league baseball and I'm not sure
why maybe they had heard about my work
as backup red fielder for economy paint
supply
so I show up and I'm assuming they're
gonna have me on the side or some kind
of sideshow or pre show they have me
seated on the stage in between Dennis
Eckersley Roger Clemens Alex Rodriguez
Dontrelle Willis and Josh Beckett and we
have a lot to talk about you know like
we're hashing our multi-million dollar
contracts and paternity suits and
dollars were making off of t-shirts that
have our jokes on
yeah we have nothing in common it's
completely awkward they know I shouldn't
be there I know I shouldn't be there and
the person in charge comes up to me and
he goes we'd like you to tell a few
jokes about baseball and I go I don't
know if that's such a good idea because
those people are here were you just
doing a sign of my sign and then you win
that's some matrix he shit all right
so I turn I saw I go I don't know if
it's a good idea and then but I tried my
best I got up and I said you know it's
very exciting to be here I I grew up in
Boston I remember as a kid paying $8 for
Roger Clemens his autograph
and I'm sitting next to him now and
tried to charge me 13
even not laugh at all but other people
did so I was one for one their event was
put on by baseball writers and so I said
you know it's interesting my sports
writers is they don't know how to play
sports and most of them gonna know how
to write they did not laugh at that
either but other people did so it's two
for two
and so I sit down I feel pretty good
about myself and I realized I have to
pee
but I can't just get up I'm like on
stage in the events going on I'll seem
like I'm making a statement about
whatever's going on at that moment like
I hate RBIs you know whatever they're
talking about and so I choose the most
boring part of the night the Lifetime
Achievement Award for baseball writers
and I sneak off behind the players I go
to the restroom I pee as I'm returning
to the room the recipient of the award
ends his speech by saying you know some
writers may not know how to write but
some comedians don't know how to tell
jokes and I think he was talking about
me because everyone in the room 1,000
people looked directly up at my chair
that I was not sitting here and I'm on
the sidelines I don't know what to do
and so in a split-second decision I
decide to jog back up on stand away
and I even walked by the guy as he has
people hooked to his seed I tried to
shake his hands but he just watched
right by me I know I felt terrible and I
sat down and I look over at Clemens and
he hates me too I look over at Eckersley
he had been talking to me earlier so I
go ahead Denis did you see that guy's
nothing when I tried to shake his hand
and decorously go that fuck up
another save for ya both fuck them again
all right I was serious I won't look at
that
well here's where it gets bad the event
ends and I'm with Joe bags
he had come along to the event but not
not the real Joe bags for my brothers
Joe and I go Joe did you see that guy
snub me when I tried to shake his hand
and Joe goes Mike didn't you see his
speech he's blind not only had I
insulted the blind guy I had taunted him
by trying to shake
but the real evil one is Eckersley
because he knew he was blind and he
still said fuck up